.\" Ocrspell Man Page - Eric Stofsky
.TH OCRSPELL 1 "27 December 1995"
.SH NAME
ocrspell \- an interactive spell checking system
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ocrspell
[
.B \-ahpuvIg
]
[
.B \-w
.I word
]
[
.B \-L
.I log\-file
]    
.P
[
.B \-l
.I learn\-database
]
[
.B \-f
.I frequency\-file
]
.P
[
.B \-d
.I alt\-dictionary
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.LP
.B ocrspell 
is a spell checking system that semi-automatically corrects OCR
errors. The text may be unpost-processed or post-processed using the
Post-Processing System (see
.BR ppsys (1)).
Choices for each of the misspelled words in the document are generated
using a statistically based level saturation technique.  An emacs
interface for
.BR ocrspell(1)
is available.  When run without the interface output is as follows:
.P
If a word is not in the dictionary then a list of the form:
.P 
& <misspelled-word> <number-of-misspellings> <offset>: <correction-list>
is returned.  Words in the <correction-list> are delimited by commas.
.P 
If the word occurs in the lexicon:
.P
* is returned.
.P
A robust set of features allow for more specific output included
statistical analysis.
.P
New words can be added to the lexicon by sending ocrspell: @<word>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Display help information.
.TP
.B \-u
Display usage information.
.TP
.B \-v
Display version and copyright information.
.TP
.B \-a
Run ocrspell interactively
.TP
.B \-I
Use intelligent word detection
.TP
.B \-p
Run ocrspell interactively with prompts and statistics information
.TP
.B \-g
Use fast mode (for large documents)
.TP
.B \-w
.I word
Ocrspell check
.I word. 
Must be a single word.
.TP
.B \-L
.I log\-file
Save word selection information in
.I log\-file.
Must contain the entire path.
.TP
.B \-l
.I learn\-database
Use statistical learning feature with new frequency database
.I learn\-database.
Must contain the entire path.
.TP
.B \-f
.I frequency\-file
Use alternate frequency file
.I frequency\-file.
Must contain the entire path.
.TP
.B \-d
.I alt\-dictionary
Use alternate 
.BR ispell(1)
hashed dictionary
.I alt\-dictionary.
Must contain the entire path.
.TP
.SH "FILES"
.TP
.BI log\-file
Keeps track of non-hit errors/word generation, used in conjunction
with \-L, must contain the full path of the file. 
.TP
.BI learn\-database
New statistical info is kept in this file, used in conjunction with
\-l, must contain the full path of the file.
.TP
.BI frequency\-file
Ocr static frequency file, default file will be used unless the \-f
option specifies the full path of an alternate frequency file.
.TP
.BI alt\-dictionary
Alternate 
.BR ispell(1)
hashed dictionary, must contain the full path to the file. The
alternate hashed dictionary /isri/TR/lib/ispell/manicure1.hash is used
by default.
.TP
.BI /isri/TR/bin/ispell
Ispell spell checker version 3.1.12
.TP
.BI /isri/TR/lib/ispell/manicure1.hash
Special expanded dictionary for the LSS collection
.TP
.BI letter\-ngram\-file
Contains the tri-grams for the current document set, see config.h for details.
.TP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xdoc_parse (1),
.BR autotag (1),
.BR rummage (1),
.BR libldoc (3),
.BR ppsys (1),
.BR ispell (1)
.SH "BUGS"
As of version 1.0.0, the log file feature could be cleaned up. Other
than that, all things appear to be well.
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (C) 1995, 1996 by the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
See the file copyright.h in the distribution for details.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Text Retrieval Group, Information Science Research Institute,
University of Nevada, Las Vegas. <isri-text@isri.unlv.edu>
